In this video we are going to take a
look at implementing the vets list view.
Now going to come in and take a look at the
project and we can see that we already
have an implementation there. I'm going to
come back over to Chrome. This is the
the current view so we're showing the Id, First Name, Last Name. What we want to do
is get specialties in there. I'm
going to steal shamelessly again from
Spring. so I'm going to grab this whole
table here, h2 and let's go ahead
and replace that. I'm going to keep my
Thymeleaf comment there. I'll go ahead and
paste that in. Now I'm going to go ahead
and I do a build and we are going to see
this
fail.
We can see here that we're getting
some chatter around here about the
vets vetList. So what's happening is
Spring, the Spring guys have implemented.
There's a little bit different so if I
come in here to the VetController, we
can see that I'm doing vets and that is
going to be a Set of vets coming back. So
property going to the model of vets is
going to be a Set of vets. Where if I
look at the Spring implementation. Let's
take a look at theirs.
Look at the VetController.
Here so that they're adding a vetList.
So a little bit different implementation
as to how they are implementing it. I
want to get mine to match theirs. Or
I want to get the index
working so I'm not going to have a
property called vetList. It's just
simply the property is vets. And then
the other thing is they spelled
specialties differently. So I come over
here to Vet
and look at the specialities, I ran
through this before so I know that
specialities is different. So again here
we're saying for the property vets
iterate over it and that for each vet
inside of vets we're going to iterate
over it. So we'll have vet.firstName, vet.lastName, specialties especially
name. Let's take a quick look at that.
That is actually a description. So just a
couple minor changes from how I had my
model. So name isn't going to be there. And
then finally, they have this number of
specialties. I see if I jump back over
here,
they look at their implementation of
Vet, they have this getNoOf
Specialties.
So that's get internal specialties.
I think that's kind of ugly and all it's
doing is calling a size on the Set. So we
can do that right inside of right inside
of Thymeleaf. What we can do is say
vet specialities
and Thymeleaf has an
all safe operator so we can say like
that
like so. So now this will prevent any NPE
if specialties happens to be null
that won't pop like this. So let's go
ahead and do a build now. This will
compile the template and let's jump
over here
back to Chrome and see if we
cleared up this error. We still have one.
You can see the error here it's on line
23. Let's take a closer look at that and
the size is in the property. It's
actually a method call. So I need to do a
size like that and let's go ahead and
build it. What the build does is it
actually copies the template file
over to the runtime directly for the
embedded Tomcat that is running. So let's
come in here and we'll refresh that and
now we can see this is what we wanted. So
now we're matching the Spring Pet
Clinic. We have a list of veterinarians
and also showing their specialties. So if
there's more than one specialty there,
it'd be listed. Our data just only has a
single specialty for each one of these
guys. So that is going to complete this
out. So I'm going to go ahead and come
back over here.
We'll come in and do it Git commit.
And that closes out
number 74.
And do a commit and push and we will
call this issue done.